The sure way to predict the future, is to invent it.
The rolling rabbit gathers no moss.
There can be only one. Unless of course there are more.
Rotating your mattress on Daylight Savings will ensure lasting comfort.
Invite others to your party, instead of fighting for the right to party.
It’s easier to beg forgiveness, than to ask for permission.
If you believe, you can achieve. Power of positive thinking.
Think that “The Man” has got you down? Maybe you need to get down, before you can get up.
What goes up, must come down. Unless of course it doesn’t.
Reduce. Reuse. Recycle. Rinse. Repeat.
Be the goodness you want to see in others.
Make me a bicycle, clown.
Make like a tree, and get out of here.
Hey pal, take a hike! And enjoy the beauty of mother nature.
Why don’t you try reading books instead of burning them?
Early bird gets the worm, but you’re a human so who cares about some stupid birds?
One in the hand is better than two in bush. Unless of course you’re holding the bush.
An infinite number of monkeys on an infinite number of type writers will end up writing the greatest literary work ever. I’d sure hate to be the copy editor.
You will make an impact on someone today. It is your choice if that impact will be positive or negative.
Your efforts do not go unnoticed. Keep up the good work.
Stop singing Journey at karaoke.
You really need to explore the studio space.
Get out there and try something different.
Stop trying to force what will not happen.
Don’t bite off more than you can chew.
Make time for a friend in need.
Cut twice, measure once.
If you have to ask, you can’t afford it.
Experience is the great equalizer.
Someone, somewhere, is tired of your shit.
Wait your turn, there’s enough for everyone.
Practice your hula-hoop.
We are not alone in the universe.
Every day, once a day, give yourself a present.
Eliminate your desire, and you will eliminate your pain.
You share a deep connection with animals. Work with that.
Behold, a pale horse stands before me. A conquerer written in the stars. 
I shall raise you high in my artillery, and there shall be a great burning. 
You can't please everyone, so you might as well please yourself.
The grass isn't greener on the other side, it's greenest where you water it.
WAKE UP ALREADY
You are a beautiful fluke of the universe.
Pick something you love, and go for it.
Fly your freak flag high.
Somebody just googled you.
ERROR 404 – Fortune Not Found
Don't go looking for trouble, it is always with you.
You will grow hair in an unexpected place.
You are beloved by animals of all kingdoms.
A lucky streak begins for you here. 
Make your own damn luck.
Both reality and happiness are dependent on your perception.
Dare to be different. What else do you have going on, anyway?
Poverty is no great shame, wealth is no great honour. 
You ARE the Batman.
Your spirit totem is the butterfly, for your ability to inspire joy.
Your spirit totem is the bear, for your strength and tenacity.
Your spirit totem is the cat, for your grace and quiet dignity.
Your spirit totem is the coyote, for your curiosity.
Your spirit totem is the platypus, for you are entirely unique.
In a far-off place, another cat gives fortunes in another desert. 
Prepare for the end of your social life as you know it.
A stranger will bewitch you in the near future.
Hey man. Don't stress out. Take a break.
I hope you have enjoyed your Fortune Cat (TM) experience.
Why won't you tell anyone?
The force is strong in you.
Don't be afraid of falling in love.
All glory to the fortune cat.
A great change is just over the horizon. Be prepared.
Yes, everything's different now, but that's okay.
All opinions are not equal.
There is no place for grief in a house which serves the Muse.
It's a safe bet you'll find your inspiration in desperation.
Intimacy is a light against dark loneliness.
When love knocks, be ready to answer.
If you truly love life, then you will inevitably find true love.
Take a day to revisit your childhood haunts.
Rocket to the crypt, baby.